forward the little ones
Something for once, a few cents of media appeared
abbreviated activity that
or also known as cushing's disease is a common one
disorder in the horses older than 15 years
the most common clinical symptoms are first it is me
for example, muscle loss shows how many of them have and secondary infections
called the condition with cushing's disease
until it was discovered that the disease mechanism in the horse
deviates from cushing's disease in humans and dogs
To better understand the cause of the ipy he will be the first
explain how the healthy pituitary gland of a horse works
the pituitary gland in common human language known as the repair appendix
lies at the bottom of the brain
It is responsible for the production of a comprehensive one
amount of hormones
these hormones then circulate through the body, but they do
regulate the functioning of various organs
the release of hormones through the pituitary gland is controlled by the hypothalamus
The hypothalamus produces stimulating and inhibiting factors that are each the
excretion of specific pituitary hormones or stimulate it
brake
The pituitary gland of the horse consists of three came
the press that is steel
the pearce intermediar
and the pax nervosa
the middle class or el pais intermediar
is involved with the library that
for healthy horses, the production of hormones is reduced
middle class inhibited by dopamine
dopamine is released in the middle class by those who live now
find origin in the hypothalamus
then has this specific to the dopamine receptors on the wall of the
cells of the middle class
like a key fits on a lock
as soon as that the sector is occupied by dopamine
Work this as a free man who is responsible for the production and release of hormones
the middle class reduced
only healthy horse is there dopamine shots
strongly intimidate the sector
so that exactly the right amount of alpha msh
Delta Endorphin RKC against hair is produced by the middle class
Pipi Haiti is caused by the degeneration of the dopamine producing
neurons in the hypothalamus
there is a lack of sufficient dopamine in the middle class
that leads to an increase in hormone production
This results in mirrors of middle blow hormones in a horse with
typically he who can be up to 100 times higher than with a healthy horse
The absence of dopamine admits dwm cells from the middle class
turn of
takes two to six months both physically and mentally
this hypertension of the middle class
ensures that the other scratch of the pituitary gland is compressed
the lack of dopamine in the horses suffering from dibi eighty
can be remedied by the use of tournament hospitals
missed perth glory days and dopamine
it acts as a substitute for the dopamine deficiency indie pituitary gland
blow of horses with spikes that you
by binding to the dope amine receptor reduced with the excretion of the
middle class hormones
where you treat nature reserves such an improvement from a clinical one
symptoms such as a better coat
muscle mass
and alertness
horses with ideas that are treated with the means opportunity per municipality
development of hoof confiscation and secondary infections
but with the help of that time that can have a long and good quality life
when the disorder treats the craats
forward if you have it